4) Creatively prove to us that you meet our value – Fire – that this would be more than just a job to you, and that you are passionate about us.

	I was worse than the N64 kid.

	Here I explained this long story about me getting my hands on the N64.  It goes back through some memories of mine to create the backdrop for what could of been a great Christmas.  There was a point, however, where the system was out of my grasp for the holiday and I was devastated.  Fortunately, something happened the night before and I did get it on the morning of the 25th.  At that moment of unwrapping, I did more than just pump my fist and and yell "Yeah!"  But because was partially embarrassed of the whole thing while writing this and it became too long, I didn't save all that.  What I have here is the conclusion, which was most important anyway.	
	
	Why was this memory one of my fondest?  Even here right now typing this I can't put into words.  I know it has to do with the emotions that come with them.  The same feeling I received when Santa brought me the Nintendo 64 is the same feeling I get when I'm informed of some new technology software or hardware related.  That same feeling resonantes through me every year when E3 comes around.  There are always small amounts of butterflies and giddyness in me to see each big player's press conference.  
	Why is this important? That moment also marked the time I discovered IGN.  I initially used the site to devour anything I could about Super Mario 64 and Mortal Kombat Trilogy.  I became a regular to the site when coverage of a small game called Legend of Zelda was coming to the platform.  From then on, I've been a frequent viewer to the site and have seen the metamorphosis of it.  I remember the old layout, which had it contents scrolled down on the left side of the site(which was the de facto web template of its day).  I've watched the site's early attempts at monetizing the site with IGN Insider, giving only those lucky kids with access to credit cards all the exclusives.  In the last two years, the web template changed dramatically with new layout philosophies and practices that modernized the site with top down scrolling indexs.
	With this being one of my regular places to visit on the web everyday, it would be a privilege to work on forwarding the site in any way.  It would be a privilege also to work on somehow connecting IGN and newly acquired 1up (RIP EGM) in some fashion.
	Hopefully, if I piqued your interest enough, I can tell you the rest of the story without being too embarrassed soon.  Thanks for the opportunity in advance.
	